Apollo Hospitals Dhaka is the only JCI Accredited 425-bed multi-disciplinary super-specialty tertiary care hospital in Bangladesh, confidently providing comprehensive health care with the latest medical, surgical and diagnostic facilities. These services are provided by expert medical professionals, skilled nurses and technologists using state-of-the-art technology. The hospital started its operation on April 16, 2005 with a mission to provide high quality international standard healthcare which will meet the needs and exceed the expectations of the people of Bangladesh. It is an eleven-storied building built on four acres of land with 435,000 square feet floor space, which was constructed with assistance of renowned architecture company Smith Group, USA. The hospital is a joint project of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited and STS Holdings Limited (STS Group).

Apollo Hospitals Dhaka has all the characteristics of a world-class hospital with wide range of services and specialists, equipments and technology, ambience and service quality. The hospital is a showcase of synergy of medical technology and advances in IT through paperless medical records. The skilled nurses, technologists and administrators of Apollo Hospitals Dhaka, aided by state-of-the-art equipments, provide a congenial infrastructure for the medical professionals in providing healthcare of international standards.

Since its inception to date, approximately 6,60,116 patients have registered with Apollo Hospitals Dhaka and over 25,14,152 patients have availed out-patient consultation across over 29 disciplines. The hospital is the first and only in Bangladesh to get accredited by Joint Commission International (JCI), which reassures its continued commitment to the highest quality international standard of healthcare in the region. We are not only about cutting-edge technology and performance-driven skill of our doctors and nurses, but we are also about hope, as symbolized by the flames of hope in the torch on our logo.